bugfix/Describing configuration for theme overwrite. (#5729)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/contributing/themes.md

## Configuration

> To inherit from the default theme from your integration theme you need to install a `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` [package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inherit the default theme from your integration theme you need to install a `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` [package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme).
```

> In `nuxt.config.js` of your integration theme add `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` into `buildModules` key, as a second value you can pass options e.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `nuxt.config.js` in your integration theme, add `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` into `buildModules` key, as a second value you can pass options e.g:
```

Author: Twice `in` (`In `nuxt.config.js` in`)? Is that grammarly right?

Reviewer: Yes, but if you like you can change it to:

```suggestion
In `nuxt.config.js` within your integration theme, add `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` into `buildModules` key, as a second value you can pass options e.g:
```

`// nuxt.config.js`
```json
{
  buildModules: [
    ['@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme', {
        generate: {
          replace: {
            apiClient: '@vue-storefront/commercetools-api',
            composables: '@vue-storefront/commercetools'
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

From now on you can overwrite the default theme with your own files.

Default theme is available in `/packages/core/nuxt-theme-module/theme/` folder. In it, you will find imports using `ejs` syntax. This is the reason you should provide a config for `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` module. In your theme you should use them when importing integration-specific packages:

> `// nuxt-theme-module/theme/pages/Product.vue`

Reviewer: Add it as the first line of the code block

```ts
import { useProduct, useCart, productGetters, useReview, reviewGetters } from '<%= options.generate.replace.composables %>';
```

> `// your-theme/theme/pages/Product.vue`

Reviewer: Add it as the first line of the code block

## Configuration

> To inherit from the default theme in your integration theme you need to install `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` [package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme)

Reviewer 2: to install `a`

> To inherit from the default theme in your integration theme you need to install `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` [package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme)

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be `To inherit the default theme from the integration theme`?

In `nuxt.config.js` of your integration theme add `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` into `buildModules` key, as a second value you can pass options e.g:

```json

> {

Reviewer: Add `// nuxt.config.js` at the first line of the code example

Reviewer: Add it as the first line of the code block like so:

```
```json
// nuxt.config.js
{
```

  buildModules: [
    ['@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme', {
        generate: {
          replace: {
            apiClient: '@vue-storefront/commercetools-api',
            composables: '@vue-storefront/commercetools'
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

> Now you will have ability to overwrite default theme with your files, based on our default project.

Reviewer 2: Maybe `since now` instead of `now`, wdyt?

Another thing I suggest is keeping the same form - if you use `you will` then instead of `our default project` I would say `your default project`

Reviewer: Maybe `From now on`?

```suggestion
From now on you can overwrite the default theme with your own files.
```

Default Nuxt theme is available in `/packages/core/nuxt-theme-module/theme/` folder.

> There you can find imports using ejs. That's why you should provide a config for '@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme' module.  In your theme remember to use imports from libraries e.g: 

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we have `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` in ` instead of ' ?

> Default Nuxt theme is available in `/packages/core/nuxt-theme-module/theme/` folder.
> 
> There you can find imports using ejs. That's why you should provide a config for '@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme' module.  In your theme remember to use imports from libraries e.g: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default theme is available in `/packages/core/nuxt-theme-module/theme/` folder. In it, you will find imports using `ejs` syntax. This is the reason you should provide a config for `@vue-storefront/nuxt-theme` module. In your theme you should use them when importing integration-specific packages: 
```
